projects-simcse (#133)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: projects/SimCSE/test_bert_load_huggingface_weight/readme.md

# How to use Huggingface's pretrained weights in LiBai

> This is an example for users about how to use huggingface's pretrained weight in LiBai, and for more information, please refer to [How to use Huggingface’s pretrained weights in LiBai](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/How_to_implement_huggingface%27s_weights_in_LiBai.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to convert huggingface's pretrained model in LiBai. For more details please refer to [How to use Huggingface’s pretrained weights in LiBai](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes/How_to_implement_huggingface%27s_weights_in_LiBai.html).
```

Reviewer: 这样好些，然后这个 文档的名字， `How_to_implement_huggingfaces_weights_in_LiBai` 应该是 How to use huggingfaces ... ？ 原来的名字起的不好

Author: 好的 我把文档的名字改一下
